FRANCESCO IEMMA

Total Commits:
Number of lines of code:


NON-CODING ACTIVITIES:


30/04/2022
Group Meeting: discussion about possible solutions regarding the implementation of the videochat architecture.


05/05/2022
Group Meeting: discussion about the issues regarding the implementation of videochat app: WebRTC needs additional server to share metadata and there is a general lack of documentation for the Android solution. Chosen to change project going from a videochat app to a textual/vocal chat app.


06/05/2022
Study of Firebase: how to read and write data and which is the best database to use for messages and contacts between Firebase Realtime Database (the one choosen at the end) and Firebase Database.


10/05/2022
Group Meeting: Discussion about proper deploy service to host Rest API for emotion classification.
Documentation read in order to implement audio recording and the sending of those audio records.


13/05/2022
Group Meeting: Discussion about possible solution for implementing emotion detection of voice-based input and also about the implementation of the labelling system. Chosen the utilization of an additional MLP neural network that takes MFCC coefficients.


16/05/2022
Meeting with Lorenzo Massagli: Discussion about the voice detection implementation. In particular we have discussed how the app and server communicates and which is the audio format required by the classifier.
Look for a way to convert messages from .aac to .wav, at the end we have decided to register the audio messages directly in wav, in any case a conversion is necessary because the classifier requires a specific wav encoding.


17/05/2022
Group Meeting: Discussion regarding deploying problems due to Heroku slug size limitation for the free version after the deployment of the second model for classifying voice-based inputs. Discussion on the next steps and on the work division.


18/05/2022
Researched and read material and documentation in order to implement the dynamic load of messages when the user scrolls


20/05/2022
Meeting: discussion about the functionalities developed so far and about the possible functionalities to add. Discussion about the testing phase regarding which test will be performed and how they will be performed (statistics about power consumption and labelling).
Research of testers for testing the application and use the labelling.
Updated the documentation
Studied a way to request labelling only once and to request multiple permissions.
Bug found with tester and resolved along with the other team members.


21/05/2022
Used adb for collecting power consumption information concerning the developed app, setup battery-historian and used to retrieve graphic information from adb output.
Create a representation of the system for the documentation.


23/05/2022
Collaborate to database cleanup. Search for testers.


24/05/22
Meeting for organization and to decide tests to do for power consumption and how to organize the labelling phase.
Meeting for resolving a bug regarding the scrolling of the chat and the dynamic load of messages. Discussed how to resolve the bug and tested various solutions


25/05/22
Instruct testers on how to use the app and how to do the labelling. APK deployed.
Chat session on the application with Olgerti Xhanej in order to do labelling and testing power consumption. Moreover we have found and then solved some bugs.


26/05/22
Chat Sessions for acquire new data. More power consumption tests done.
Meeting for discussing results and improving textual classifier performance.


27/05/22
Meeting for discussing new tests about power consumption


28/05/22
More power consumptions test done




